TF-24414 Add instructions on updating a stack's project (#863)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/stacks/configure.mdx

# Configure a Stack

> This guide explains configuring a Stack’s name, description, project and VCS settings in HCP Terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains configuring a Stack’s name, description, project, and VCS settings in HCP Terraform.
```

1. Select the Stack you want to configure.  
1. Click **Stack settings** in the navigation menu.  
1. Update any of the following settings:  
   * Name
   * Description
   * Project, learn about [moving a Stack to another project](/terraform/cloud-docs/stacks/configure#move-a-stack-to-another-project).
   * Version control settings, including:
        * Stacks automatically trigger new plans when you push them to your repositories’ default branch. To deactivate this behavior,  uncheck **VCS Trigger Enabled**.  
        * You can also configure Stacks to work from either a branch or tag-based workflow. 
1. Click **Save settings** to apply your changes.

## Move a Stack to another project

To move a Stack, you must have the **Manage all Projects** organization permission or explicit team admin privileges on both the source and destination projects. Moving a Stack may alter or remove access for some teams based on their [project-level permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#project-permissions).

> Upstream Stacks must be in the same project as their downstream Stacks. If you move a Stack to another project, the inputs that depend on it will break. Move upstream and downstream Stacks together to avoid disruptions. Learn more about [passing data from one Stack to another](/terraform/language/stacks/deploy/pass-data).

Reviewer: How about this for a small tweak? I kind of like being a little more clear about breaking affecting plans specifically:
```suggestion
Upstream Stacks must be in the same project as their downstream Stacks. Moving an upstream Stack to another project breaks any downstream Stack inputs affecting future plans. Move upstream and downstream Stacks together to avoid disruptions. Learn more about [passing data from one Stack to another](/terraform/language/stacks/deploy/pass-data).
```

> Upstream Stacks must be in the same project as their downstream Stacks. Moving an upstream Stack to another project breaks any downstream Stack inputs affecting future plans. Move upstream and downstream Stacks together to avoid disruptions. Learn more about [passing data from one Stack to another](/terraform/language/stacks/deploy/pass-data).

Author: No worries!! I'm glad we're catching these

1. Select the Stack you want to configure.  
1. Click **Stack settings** in the navigation menu.  
1. Update any of the following settings:  
   * Name
   * Description
   * Project
        * To move a stack, you must have the "Manage all Projects" organization permission or explicit team admin privileges on both the source and destination projects.
        * Moving a Stack may alter or remove access for some teams based on their [project-level permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#project-permissions).

>         * Upstream Stacks must be in the same project as their downstream Stacks. If you move a Stack to another project, the inputs that depend on it will break. Move upstream and downstream Stacks together to avoid disruptions. Learn more about [passing data from one Stack to another](/terraform/language/stacks/deploy/pass-data).

Author: I wasn't sure if bullet points were the best way to display this information - open to an alternative format!
